Add pollingWaitTimeMs to UpdatableOptions (#436)
bbc/sqs-consumer: README.md

Updates the provided option with the provided value.

> Please note that update of `pollingWaitTimeMs` will take effect only on next poll cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that any update of the option `pollingWaitTimeMs` will take effect only on next polling cycle.
```
